📰 NEWS

Bobby Marks' Way-Too-Early NBA offseason preview: 10 questions for summer '27
Golden State's franchise-altering 2027 offseason is just one of the storylines our resident GM is watching closely.
— Bobby Marks

Free agency fact vs. fiction: Bobby Marks examines 10 offseason trends
NBA front office insider Bobby Marks answers the biggest questions as the dust settles on 2026 free agency.
— Bobby Marks

Doncic's ex-fiancée pulls child support petition
Luka Doncic's ex-fiancée Anamaria Goltes is withdrawing her petition seeking child support and attorney fees from the Lakers star.
— Dave McMenamin

Sources: Knicks executive Rosas leaving team
Knicks senior vice president of basketball operations Gersson Rosas is leaving the organization after four seasons, league sources confirmed to ESPN.
— Vincent Goodwill

NBPA opens 'one-stop shop' workout center in L.A.
The National Basketball Players Association opened the PLYRS UNTD Performance Center in Los Angeles this week, offering a "one-stop shop" for league players to scrimmage, workout and recover.
— Ben Golliver

Bosh issues warning to Wemby on blood clots
Retired Heat superstar Chris Bosh offered some advice and issued a warning to Spurs star Victor Wembanyama about his blood clot diagnosis and maintaining his health during his career.
— ESPN

Sources: Mavs' Marshall re-ups for 3 years, $52M
Mavericks forward Naji Marshall signed a three-year, $52.2 million extension that will take him through the 2029-30 season, sources told ESPN.
— ESPN

Wembanyama to host Spurs for workouts in France
Victor Wembanyama will host "eight to 10" teammates in France this week for workouts as the San Antonio Spurs look to rebound from their loss to the New York Knicks in the NBA Finals.
— Michael Wright

💍 Donovan Mitchell and Coco Jones tie knot
Mitchell and Jones shared their first dance to Musiq Soulchild's 2000 hit song "Love," as seen in a video posted by agent Troy Payne on Instagram.
— ESPN staff

Stacking which teams can keep the NBA's parity run going
The NBA has seen eight different champions in eight years. Which of the other 22 teams can make it 9-for-9, and which ones are a long way off?
— Ben Golliver

Jaylen Brown says Donovan Mitchell, Coco Jones wedding sparked desire for love
The Philadelphia 76ers guard left Donovan Mitchell and Coco Jones' wedding inspired for his next relationship.
— Reiven Douglas

NBA offseason buzz: Latest free agency and trade updates
We're tracking deals, trades and buzz across the NBA, including the latest on free agents such as DeMar DeRozan.
— ESPN

Grades for every free agent signing, extension: Draymond, LeBron, Wemby and more
We're grading the biggest free agent signings and extensions, including Draymond Green returning to the Warriors on a one-year deal.
— Zach Kram

'Oh my gosh, here we go': How LeBron landed in Philadelphia
For 22-time All-Star LeBron James, his last decision was about loyalty -- not to any of his previous stops but to his own basketball compass.
— Dave McMenamin

Why the Warriors' pursuit of LeBron never got serious
LeBron James chose elsewhere, major upgrades never materialized and Golden State is again banking on continuity.
— Anthony Slater